<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" /><title>BookYourSite.com Privacy Policy</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/stylesheets/blueprint/screen.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/stylesheets/blueprint/print.css" type="text/css" media="print"/> 
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/stylesheets/bys.css" type="text/css" media="screen"/> 
</head>
<body>
<h1>Privacy and Security Information</h1>
<br />
Your privacy is important to us at Mission Management Information
Systems Inc. ("Mission") We've developed a Privacy Policy for our
company, all our brands and websites that covers how we collect, use,
disclose, transfer, and store your information.<br />
<br />
Please read this Privacy Policy before you use this site. Your use of
our website signifies that you agree to this Privacy Policy. We always
welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please
contact us directly at any time. <br />
<br />
<span style="font-weight: bold;">Mission Management Information Systems Inc. </span><br style="font-weight: bold;" />
<span style="font-weight: bold;">8676 Oakwood Dr. Building &quot;B&quot;, </span><br style="font-weight: bold;" />
<span style="font-weight: bold;">Niagara Falls, ON, Canada, L2E 6S5&nbsp; </span><br style="font-weight: bold;" />
<span style="font-weight: bold;">Ph (905) 374-8643</span><br style="font-weight: bold;" />
<span style="font-weight: bold;">Email: <a href="PrivacyOfficer@missionmgmt.com">PrivacyOfficer@missionmgmt.com</a></span><br />
<br />
<br />
<h2>Collection and Use of Personal Information</h2>
<br />
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.<br />
<br />
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are
in contact with Mission or a Mission affiliated company. Mission and
its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and
use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it
with other information to provide and improve our products, services,
content, and advertising.&nbsp; We are fully compliant with Canada's
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).<br />
<br />
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Mission may collect and how it may be use.<br />
<h3>Personal information we collect</h3>
i) When you book a campsite, cabin, boat slip, or other lodging at an
affiliated RV Park, Campground, Lodge or Marina, we may collect a
variety of information, including your name, address, phone number,
email address, RV type and credit card information.&nbsp; <br />
ii) When requesting a quote or additional sales information,
subscribing to our newsletter, entering a contest, or requesting
technical help, we may collect your name, address, phone number and
email address.<br />
<br />
<h3>How we use your personal information</h3>
i) The information you provide is added to our customer file. We use
personally identifiable Information to complete transactions. For
instance, we use your information to process and secure your
reservation with one of our affiliated RV Parks, Campgrounds, Lodges,
Marinas or other affiliated travel suppliers that you have selected.
Your personal information including credit card information will be
forwarded to the affiliate to for their use in processing or confirming
your reservation.&nbsp; Both Mission and our affiliates may also
contact you regarding the status of the reservation or to provide
further information about the facility you've booked.&nbsp; <br />
ei) Information we collect may be used to send you: email updates or
newsletters related to our products and services, discounts, specials
or upcoming events.&nbsp; If you don't want to be on our mailing list,
you can opt out anytime by contacting us at OptOut@missionmgmt.com<br />
iii) We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.<br />
iv) We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as
auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Mission's products,
services, and customer communications.<br />
v) If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may
use the information you provide to administer those programs.<br />
vi) Personally identifiable information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties.<br />
<br />
<h2>Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information</h2>
<br />
We also collect non-personal information - data in a form that does not
permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect,
use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we
collect and how we may use it:<br />
i) We may collect information such as language, postal code, area code,
unique device identifier, Internet service provider's address, the web
page from which you came, a record of your activity on our site, and
the time zone where a Mission product is used so that we can better
understand customer behaviour and improve our products, services, and
advertising.&nbsp; Aggregated data is considered non-personal
information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.<br />
<br />
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the
combined information will be treated as personal information for as
long as it remains combined.<br />
<br />
<h2>Cookies and Other Technologies</h2>
<br />
Mission's website, online services, interactive applications, email
messages, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies
such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better
understand user behaviour, tell us which parts of our website people
have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of
advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by
cookies and other technologies as non-personal information.<br />
<br />
Such data collection may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate
basis, and we may share this aggregated data with our affiliates,
agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not
identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user
statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective
business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.<br />
<br />
You may choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is
being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.&nbsp; Normally
this is found in the preferences section of your browser
software.&nbsp; Check with your browser software provider to find out
how to disable cookies. Please note that certain features of our
websites will not be available once cookies are disabled.<br />
<br />
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages, in a format customers can
read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this
information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers. <br />
<br />
<h2>Third-Party Advertisers and Network Advertisers</h2>
<br />
Our privacy policy does not apply when you click on an advertisement
and leave our site. You must read the privacy policy of that advertiser
to see how your personal information will be handled on their site.<br />
<br />
<h2>Organizations That Help Protect the Security and Safety of our Users and our Sites</h2>
<br />
We will give out personal information as required by law, for example,
to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our Terms of
Service, or site or game rules; or to protect the safety and security
of users and our sites.&nbsp; Additionally, in the event of a
reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal
information we collect to the relevant third party.<br />
<br />
<h2>Protection of Personal Information</h2>
<br />
Mission takes precautions - including administrative, technical, and
physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against
loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, and destruction.<br />
Mission online services such as BookYourSite.com use Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is
collected. When making purchases from these services, you must use an
SSL-enabled browser such as Safari, Firefox, or Internet Explorer.
Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal information
while it's transmitted over the Internet.<br />
<br />
<h2>Access to Personal Information</h2>
<br />
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are
accurate, complete, and up to date by requesting that we correct the
data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Mission is not required
to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.&nbsp; Make
your request by email at UpdateInfo@missionmgmt.com<br />
<br />
<h2>Children</h2>
<br />
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under
13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a
child under 13 we will take steps to delete the information as soon as
possible<br />
<br />
<h2>Exclusions</h2>
<br />
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you
provide us through any of our websites or through other means. This
includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas
of our website, such as bulletin boards, user forums, chat rooms, or
social networking services (collectively, "Public Areas").&nbsp; All
personal information you share is visible to other users and can be
read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal
information you choose to submit in Public Areas. For example, if you
list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information
is public. Please take care when using Public Areas.<br />
<br />
<h2>Policy Changes</h2>
<br />
Mission may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change
the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website
along with the updated Privacy Policy.<br />
<br />
If you have any further questions contact us at: <a href="PrivacyOfficer@missionmgmt.com">PrivacyOfficer@missionmgmt.com</a><br />
<br />
Last updated: October 15, 2012<br />
</body>
</html>
